"JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) closed down 0.95 percent at $91.92 and Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS) was down 88 cents at $252.01, according Google Finance. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) was off $1.25 at $180.93. Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC) was down 33 cents at $35.57 and Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) was off 44 cents at $139.34, according to CNBC. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) was up 54 cents at $95.66, according to CNBC. Those are all Dow stocks. Intel, Boeing and Apple have operations in Chandler and Mesa.The Nasdaq was off 21.58 points at 5,849.17, according to CNBC. Airlines were down after a new six-country travel restriction order was issued by President Donald Trump. American Airlines (NYSE: AAL) was down 3.23 percent at $45.31, according to Yahoo Finance. Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) was off 2.21 percent closing at $57.56. Those are the two big carriers in Phoenix. Allegiant Travel Co. (Nasdaq: ALGT) was down $3.75 at $168.75, according to Google Finance.The Las Vegas-based airline has flights out of Phoenix Mesa Gateway Airport."

"Google slides after earnings miss. Google's mobile search and video ads boosted revenue in the fourth quarter, but increased spending on hardware and other new businesses, as well as a larger-than-expected tax rate, weighed on the bottom line. In addition to the hard numbers, investors had their eyes on Alphabet's "Other Bets" - the separate companies focused on ambitious new projects from self-driving cars to biotech. Alphabet ended several projects and lost many top executives and leaders during the back half of 2016. The moves were designed to help cut costs from Other Bets, which have yet to generate any meaningful revenue for Alphabet. During the earnings call, Google CEO Sundar Pichai touched a lot on Google's main new areas of investment like hardware, cloud services, and YouTube. However, Pichai wouldn't give any hard numbers for subscribers to paid YouTube services like YouTube Red or YouTube Music, saying only it was "early days" for those products."

"While long-dated U.S. Treasury bonds in fact rose in price on Wednesday, following strong hints from the U.S. central bank that it desires to raise interest rates cautiously, rather than aggressively, the plain fact remains: The 2.51% yield on the 10-year bond still is inferior to the earnings yield of greater than 5% for S&P 500 companies. The earnings yield compares the current level of the S&P 500 with Wall Street's expectations for earnings over the next 12 months. In the Dow, companies such as Goldman Sachs (GS), Boeing (BA), UnitedHealth Group (UNH), DuPont (DD), Cisco Systems (CSCO), Visa (V) and Microsoft (MSFT) are showing relative strength in the market. That is, all seven of these firms hold decent IBD Relative Price Strength ratings that range from 69 (Microsoft) to 87 (Goldman). An 87 RS Rating means that Goldman is outperforming 87% of all companies in IBD's database over the past 12 months."

"One technical analyst says a buying opportunity in IBM could soon present itself. Shares of the tech company are up almost 9 percent year to date and hovering near 52-week highs. The good news for those who have missed out on the move is that the stock's chart shows an "inverted head and shoulders" pattern, according to Piper Jaffray technical analyst Craig Johnson. This is a bullish pattern that is often taken to indicate that a stock has bottomed and is on its way higher. "It looks like to us we can see a measured objective in about the $210 range from our perspective," Johnson said Tuesday on CNBC's "Power Lunch." "So a good-looking chart, good-looking setup, and we would be buying it on a pullback or weakness here." In other words, Johnson sees IBM, which opened Wednesday trading just below $180, running up another 17 percent.
