" Is there really someone who has an IQ level higher than the legendary scientist Albert Einstein? The answer is yes! Mukund Soni, a 10-year-old kid of Indian origin who lives in Mayfair Avenue (Ilford), scored a perfect 162 in the Mensa’s verbal reasoning Cattell III B Scale, which is higher than Einstein’s and Stephen Fleming’s score of 160. Mukund took the famous Mensa IQ test in the month of March and achieved the highest possible mark of 162. The Mensa IQ test can be taken by children aged over ten and a half years and consists of two separate sections. The first section deals with verbal reasoning skills, while the second is the image-based Culture Fair Test in which he scored 142. A student of Highlands Primary School, Ilford, Mukund Soni has now joined the executive list – only one per cent of candidates taking the test manage to achieve the highest score possible. When asked about what preparations had he done for the Mensa IQ test, Mukund Soni said that he just took some online IQ tests before appearing for the exam. He also told that the test was quite hard and the time limit was very tight but he managed to complete it. When asked about how he is feeling after having beaten Albert Einstein’s and Stephen Fleming’s score of 160, the 10-year-old genius said, “I feel really proud to become one of the youngest people to achieve the highest possible score in the IQ test.” Mukund’s father Mahendra Soni said that they knew that Mukund was an intelligent boy but were quite surprised when he came up with such an excellent score in the Mensa IQ test."

"The camera panned around the three-headed dragon of Targaryen, the Baratheon stag, the Stark direwolf, the Lannister Lion and the vines of the Tyrell rose, all entwined in a viscous death grip. In a touch reminding of the fate of Loras and Margaery in season six jaw-dropping finale, the Tyrell rose is ignited for a moment in glowing green wildfire. Snippets of quotes from previous seasons could be heard in the background — as well the first lines of dialogue from the upcoming one.
'There is only one war that matters. The Great War. And it is here.' Kit Harington's Jon Snow warned.
Indeed as the camera rests at the end, snow begins to fall and the statue crumbles to pieces."

"Engineering students looking to bag seats in premier Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) across the country have reason to cheer. With IITs planning to add 550-plus seats across courses and institutes, the total number of seats open for admissions stand at 11,000-plus for the next academic year. While provisions for most new seats will be made in the newer institutes, IIT-Bombay will also increase its intake in undergraduate and postgraduate courses. “We are introducing a new program for undergraduate courses, which will add about 30 seats. Similarly, a few seats will be added to postgraduate courses for the upcoming academic year,” said Devang Khakkar, director IIT-B. While the Joint Admission Board (JAB) approved the increase in seats in 2016, most of the older institutes were not open to the idea owing to infrastructural constraints. "

"Victoria's legal system needs reform after a teenage girl who accused three brothers of rape was too "humiliated" and "devastated" to continue with the case, the mother of the alleged victim has said.Amy*, now 16, alleged the three men raped her in a park in Geelong when she was 14 years old. The three men were charged but the case was dropped last month after Amy was left distressed over the legal process. The men had pleaded not guilty. Amy's mother, Sandy*, said her daughter found the case too overwhelming. "We are lucky enough to be well educated; we're quite tenacious, and it was still very, very difficult," she told ABC Radio Melbourne. Sandy said her daughter had been traumatised after details that came out of bail hearings for the men were reported in the media. "Things were said and there were no suppression orders, so the media reported on extraordinary detail, and that was harrowing," she said. "She couldn't go to school. She was humiliated. We were devastated. "

"Just like the fairy tale itself, the controversy over Disney's live-action film Beauty and the Beast will have a happy ending in Malaysia. According to an industry insider, the movie has been approved for release in Malaysia with a rating of PG13 from March 30 onwards. The movie will be shown in its entirety without any cuts. Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC) also tweeted that the movie was going to be shown from March 30 without any cuts. Beauty and the Beast courted controversy when director Bill Condon said that the character of LeFou, played by Josh Gad, would have a “nice exclusively gay moment” in the film. In an AFP report, chairman of the Malaysian Censorship Board (LPF) Datuk Abdul Halim Abdul Hamid said the “gay moment” had concerned a song featuring LeFou, during which he “lifted up his shirt and showed a love bite on his tummy”."

"It's time for the 89th Academy Awards — and one thing is for sure: because the high-stakes event lends itself to raw emotions, there are rare moments of candor from publicly cautious celebrities. Over the years, the Academy Awards have given us some of the most hilarious, memorable and touching memories of our favourite celebrities. The world had to start looking for a new meme. "Thank you to all of you in this room," DiCaprio said, to a standing ovation, when he reached the stage. The actor thanked The Revenant co-star Tom Hardy, director Alejandro González Iñárritu and Martin Scorsese, for teaching him the art of film. The happiest person was ofcourse, the bear from The Revenant."

"Explaining the findings, lead study author Audra Roemer, M.Sc. said, “The stimulant effects of caffeine mask the result that most people get when they drink. Usually when you’re drinking alcohol, you get tired and you go home. Energy drinks mask that, so people may underestimate how intoxicated they are, end up staying out later, consume more alcohol, and engage in risky behavior and more hazardous drinking practices.” Three of the studies also looked at whether risk-taking or sensation-seeking personality traits could also increase the risk of injuries when partaking in AmED use, with Roemer adding that, “We know that these are risk factors for alcohol-related injuries, and some research has suggested that people who have these traits might prefer the awake-drunk state that you get from mixing alcohol and energy drinks.” New research suggests that mixing alcohol with highly caffeinated energy drinks could be increasing the risk of falls and injury. A team from the University of Victoria’s Centre for Addictions Research of BC (CARBC) in Canada looked at 13 studies on the topic of alcohol and energy drinks published from 1981 to 2016. From the 13 studies that fit the criteria, 10 showed evidence of a link between drinking alcohol mixed with energy drinks (AmED) and an increased risk of injury compared to drinking alcohol only. The study included both unintentional injuries such as falls or car accidents and intentional such as fights or other types of physical violence. According to the researchers AmED use is increasingly popular across North America, with mixing a Red Bull and vodka being a common example. These types of beverages can also be bought as premixed drinks from liquor stores."

"The deceased was married to Virendra Singh Chauhan a few years ago. Rani was said to be alone at her residence when she took the extreme step. Learning about the incident, family members took her to hospital, but in vain. During investigation Rani's kin alleged that her in-laws behaved well for a year after marriage. It was recently that they started developing pressure on her for dowry, police said. According to police, Rani's parents have complained that her husband Virendra Singh Chauhan along with father-in-law Jayram, mother -in-law Sugan Bai and brother-in-laws Surendra and Narendra thrashed her for dowry. "We were informed about the incident by the deceased family. A team of officials reached the spot and found the body hanging to the ceiling. A chair was used by Rani to commit suicide. The body was sent for post-mortem," said Lasudia police station in-charge Rajendra Soni."

"India Modern School in Kalina. The suburban Mumbai school had organised a function for one of its most well-known students, and a quick performance and salute were to kick off the show. At around 5.30 pm, a Maruti Wagon R rolled into the compound. The band shifted into a two-line formation. Eight-year-old Sunny Pawar, the young star of the Academy Award-nominated film Lion, slipped out of the car, looking dapper in a suit – the same one he had worn to the Oscars in Los Angeles on February 27. Pawar was accompanied by his parents, grandfather and two younger siblings, along with members of his extended family. The band played a welcome tune, and Pawar did a pleased double take. At the end, the band leader gave Pawar, who was a good foot shorter than she, a crisp salute. Pawar grinned.There was a pressing need among many present to make Pawar perform, in some way to transfer the aura of Hollywood and stardom to them all, just to be able to say later, “Yes, I know Sunny Pawar.” After an hour and a few more speeches, a dance performance by 40 children from the secondary school followed. The dancers had practised for an entire month. The only other students apart from the performers who were permitted to attend were Sunny’s classmates."

"An Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Mandi student drowned in the Uhal river on Thursday while allegedly taking a selfie. The deceased was identified as Deep Prakash Singh, a native of Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. The victim was a student of B. Tech 1st year in electrical engineering. Yesterday the victim left the campus around 4 pm and did not return till evening. Thereafter IIT authorities complained to the police at Kamand and led a search operation for the missing student. The body was recovered midnight and has been sent for postmortem at regional hospital Mandi. DSP Mandi Hitesh Lakhanpal confirmed the report and said the investigation was underway. Preliminary investigation revealed that the victim might have slipped off in the river while clicking a selfie."

"But a humanities background can give you the foundation to solve problems, lead and collaborate with others, which can help you rise through the ranks in any industry. You never know where your liberal arts background may take you. Late-night talk show host Conan O’Brien majored in history and literature. Howard Schultz, chairman and chief executive of Starbucks, majored in communications. Follow these steps to gain confidence in your formidable knowledge, relay it to employers and land a job you love. Test your interests Liberal arts students often feel overwhelmed by all the career directions they can go, says Karyn McCoy, assistant vice president of DePaul University’s Career Center in Chicago. If you’re a political science major, for instance, you could pursue law, journalism, business, international relations, academia — the list goes on. Before you graduate, home in on what excites you by volunteering, working part time, joining extracurricular clubs and taking on internships. You’ll build additional skills that can make you more marketable with employers. My experiences as an intern at nonprofit legal organizations helped me get my first job as a paralegal."

"The choice of the controversial rabble-rouser and Hindutva mascot, Yogi Adityanath, as the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh has once again rekindled an old debate on the relative importance of economic performance and extra-economic considerations in Indian politics. While conventional wisdom suggests that identity always triumphs economics in Indian elections, there is some evidence to suggest that economic growth may have become more important than before in recent years. A Mint analysis of 18 major Indian states shows that governments which deliver better growth may have a greater chance of being re-elected. The analysis considers all state assembly elections held after 2001, and classifies the states intro three buckets: moderate incumbency states (such as Andhra Pradesh and Punjab) where an incumbent party (or alliance) has been voted back to power once, strong incumbency states (such as Odisha, Gujarat, and Bihar) where incumbent parties have been voted back to power more than once, and strong anti-incumbency states (such as Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, and Rajasthan) where incumbents have not lasted more than one term at a time over the past 15 years. It will take a few more years and several more rounds of elections before we can conclusively say that growth performance wins elections in India. Nonetheless, the superior growth performance of incumbents which have been re-elected more than once seems to suggest that growth performance may be one of the key determinants, if not the only determinant, of re-election."

"Turns out that trend was limited to a certain sector of the American economy. Over the last decade many companies instead have reduced their leave offerings. In recent years, as the labor market has tightened, Google, Netflix, American Express and other elite firms have announced expanded-leave policies, giving more time off to more workers than ever, in a sort of parental-leave arms race. When Google increased its maternity leave from 12 weeks to 18 weeks in 2007, the rate at which new moms left the company fell by 50 percent. Since then, other companies struggling to hire and retain talent have realized that generous, broadly inclusive parental leave policies save money on turnover costs. It’s not such bad publicity, either. Yet many businesses have backed away from fully paid policies, an already rare benefit for the average American worker, according to a new national survey by the Society for Human Resource Management. Of 920 US employers with 50 or more employees that offer paid leave, the percentage offering full pay to new parents dropped from 17 to 10 percent between 2005 and 2016, the survey found."

"As if a 3-1 defeat to West Brom coupled with ongoing uncertainty regarding Arsene Wenger's future wasn't already bad enough, Arsenal may have to see out an indefinite period without their talisman Alexis Sanchez; following the defeat on Saturday, Wenger claimed - as reported by the ​BBC - Sanchez's right ankle is in 'an absolutely terrible state' and that the Chile striker may in fact have suffered some ligament damage. Though he only ended up being substituted with 12 minutes of the game remaining, Sanchez was purported to have actually been injured in the first-half, following a foul by West Brom winger James McClean."
